[Core][2/3] Make streaming generator public API #38784 (#41436)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-core/ray-generator.rst

``StopAsyncIteration``

The ``next`` API blocks the thread until the task generates a next object reference with ``yield``.

> Since the ``ObjectRefGenerator`` is just a Python generator, you can also simply use a for loop to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the ``ObjectRefGenerator`` is just a Python generator, you can also use a for loop to
```

**Wait until a generator task completes**

``ObjectRefGenerator.completed()`` returns an object reference that is available when a generator task finishes or errors.

> For example, you can do ``ray.get(gen.compelted())`` to wait until a task completes. Note that using ``ray.get`` to ``ObjectRefGenerator`` isn't allowed.

Reviewer: Just checking if there is a typo in the name of the method `ray.get(gen.completed())`

Author: fixed

**Use ray.wait**

You can pass ``ObjectRefGenerator`` as an input to ``ray.wait``. The generator is "ready" if a `next item`

> is available. Once a generator is found from a ready list, ``next(gen)`` returns the next object reference immediately without blocking. See the example below example for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is available. Once Ray finds a generator from a ready list, ``next(gen)`` returns the next object reference immediately without blocking. See the example below for more details.
```
